Class overlap comms, in-app and in docs (#312)
ServiceNow/azimuth: docs/docs/user-guide/class-overlap.md

# Class Overlap

Class overlap assesses the semantic overlap between pairs of classes. In some cases, high
overlap may be associated with poor class definitions, mislabelling, and/or model confusion.

Class overlap is determined with a dataset alone, based on the locations of utterances in
embedding space, as described in
[:material-link: Similarity Analysis](../key-concepts/similarity.md).

## Class Overlap Plot

> The Class Overlap plot shows semantic overlap in the training data as flows between source and
> target classes, displayed as nodes on the left (source) and right (target) sides of the plot.
> Flows between class nodes indicate the extent to which samples in a source class are in
> neighborhoods typified by other classes (class overlap) or its own class (self-overlap). For
> each source class, class overlap and self-overlap flows sum to 1, unless total flow is scaled by
> class size.
> 

Author: @gabegma I just realized I had this stashed 🤦‍♀️ ...sorry. What do you think?

```suggestion
The Class Overlap plot shows the extent to which source classes semantically overlap target 
classes, all in the training data. The source class is the class label, and the target class is 
the class that the source class may look like, based on its nearest neighbors. As such, flows 
between class nodes indicate whether samples in a source class are in neighborhoods typified 
by other classes (class overlap) or its own class (self overlap). For each source class, class 
overlap and self-overlap values sum to 1, unless values are scaled by class size.

Overlap is displayed as flows from source class (nodes on the left) to target classes (right).
```

Reviewer: Looks good!

  overlap to better understand the complexity of the dataset. The default value is set to the
  tenth-highest class overlap value for ease of visualization alone, and will differ across
  different datasets.
* **Self-Overlap**: This toggle determines whether to show flows for overlap of a class with
  itself, to get a sense of the relative magnitude (and possibly importance) of class overlap.
* **Scale by Class Size**: Overlap values are normalized by source class, such that the sum of
  all class overlap and self-overlap values for a source class is 1. This toggle multiples overlap
  values by class sample sizes, changing node size and flow width accordingly.

### Suggested workflow

The plot options described above allow for exploration of different aspects of class overlap. To
navigate them, we suggest the following workflow:

#### 1. Default view: Self-Overlap off, Scale By Class Size on

- Start here. This view shows you the class pairs with the greatest (scaled) semantic overlap
  scores in the dataset. Vary the minimum displayed overlap value to see all dataset overlap or
  to focus on the class pairs with the greatest overlap scores.

> - Because Scale By Class Size is on, this view will emphasize overlapping classes with greater
>   sample counts. Depending on the context, you may not be concerned about class overlap from
>   source classes with few samples in the training data. Alternatively, if you only have a few
>   samples from a certain class with high business value, you may want to prioritize their having
>   clear, non-overlapping class definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Because `Scale By Class Size` is on, this view will emphasize overlapping classes with greater
  sample counts. This is useful if you are not too concerned about class overlap from
  source classes with few samples in the training data. However, if you want to further investigate the 
  classes that have fewer samples in them, either for further understanding your dataset or because 
  some classes might have high business value, then you can toggle `Scale By Class Size` to off, as 
  explained in step 2. 
```

Author: Great edits. Couple small changes - does this work for you?

```suggestion
- Because Scale By Class Size is on, this view will emphasize overlapping classes with greater
  sample counts. This is useful if you are less concerned about class overlap from
  source classes with few samples in the training data. However, if you want to further investigate
  classes with high overlap values but fewer samples, either for better understanding your dataset 
  or because some classes might have high business value, then you can toggle `Scale By Class Size`
  to off, as explained in step 2.
```

Reviewer: Approved.

#### 2. Toggle Scale By Class Size:

- When Scale By Class Size is turned off, total flows (class overlap and self-overlap) sum to 1.
  This view emphasizes class pairs with the greatest class overlap scores, regardless of
  whether the source class has many samples in it.

> - By toggling Scale By Class Size, a user can assess the importance of class overlap from a
>   given source class in the context of the rest of the dataset. For example, a small class may
>   have a high overlap value, but when scaled by class size, it may be negligible in the context
>   of class overlap throughout the dataset.

Reviewer: I'm a bit lost- isn't the opposite? I think it's also not saying anything new from section 1 or the first bullet. 
```suggestion
 - This is useful to further understand class overlap for classes that have few samples in them, that might not have been visible during the analysis at step 1. 
```

Author: I meant toggling back and forth, so I don't think it's the opposite, but I do agree that it's redundant with the first section. I like you suggestion - how's this, with a couple small changes?

```suggestion
- This is useful to further understand class overlap for classes that have relatively fewer
  samples in them, which might not have been as visible during the analysis at step 1.
```

Reviewer: Perfect!

#### 3. Toggle Self-Overlap :

- For any given class, turning on Self-Overlap lets you compare the extent to which its samples
  semantically overlap other classes (class overlap) vs. samples of its own class (self-overlap).
  For example, if self-overlap is much higher than class overlap, class overlap may be less

>   problematic for this class, and vice versa. Your interpretation and next steps may depend on
>   the business value of the class in question.

Author: ```suggestion
  problematic for this class, and vice versa.
```

  samples from a certain class with high business value, you may want to prioritize their having
  clear, non-overlapping class definitions.

#### 2. Toggle Scale By Class Size:

- When Scale By Class Size is turned off, total flows (class overlap and self-overlap) sum to 1.
  This view emphasizes class pairs with the greatest class overlap scores, regardless of
  whether the source class has many samples in it.
- By toggling Scale By Class Size, a user can assess the importance of class overlap from a
  given source class in the context of the rest of the dataset. For example, a small class may
  have a high overlap value, but when scaled by class size, it may be negligible in the context
  of class overlap throughout the dataset.

#### 3. Toggle Self-Overlap :

- For any given class, turning on Self-Overlap lets you compare the extent to which its samples
  semantically overlap other classes (class overlap) vs. samples of its own class (self-overlap).
  For example, if self-overlap is much higher than class overlap, class overlap may be less
  problematic for this class, and vice versa. Your interpretation and next steps may depend on

>   the business value of the class in question.

Reviewer: I would remove the business value comment here, I think you already explained well the class size vs business value "dilemma".

Author: Sure, sounds good!
